README.md, before:

![](screenshot.png)

# An Otter Wiki

An Otter Wiki is Python-based software for collaborative content
management, called a [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiki). The
content is stored in a git repository, which keeps track of all changes.
[Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown) is used as
Markup language. An Otter Wiki is written in [python](https://www.python.org/)
using the microframework [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/).
[halfmoon](https://www.gethalfmoon.com) is used as CSS framework
and [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/) as editor.
[Font Awesome Free](https://fontawesome.com/license/free) serves the icons.

## Notable Features

- Minimalistic interface (with dark-mode)
- Editor with markdown highlighting and support including tables
- Customizable Sidebar: Menu and/or Page Index
- Full changelog and page history
- User authentication
- Page Attachments
- Extended Markdown: tables, footnotes, fancy blocks, alerts and mermaid diagrams
- (experimental) Git http server: clone, pull and push the content of your wiki
- A very cute Otter as logo (drawn by [Christy Presler](http://christypresler.com/) CC BY 3.0)

## Demo

Check out the demo <https://demo.otterwiki.com>.

## Installation

Read the [installation guide](https://otterwiki.com/Installation) to get
started. Recommended is the installation with `docker-compose`.

### Quick start with docker-compose

1. Copy and edit the `docker-compose.yml` below to match your preferences.
2. Run `docker-compose up -d`
3. Access the wiki via http://127.0.0.1:8080 if run on your machine.
4. If the wiki shall be accessible via the internet and an domain name make sure to configure your web server accordingly. Check the [installation guide](https://otterwiki.com/Installation#reverse-proxy) for example configurations for nginx, apache and caddy.
5. Register your account. The first account is an admin-account giving you access to the settings tab.
6. Customize the settings to your liking.

Proceed for the [configuration guide](https://otterwiki.com/Configuration) for
detailed information.

#### docker-compose.yml

```yaml
services:
  otterwiki:
    image: redimp/otterwiki:2
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - 8080:80
    volumes:
      - ./app-data:/app-data
```

## License

An Otter Wiki is open-source software licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/redimp/otterwiki/blob/main/LICENSE).

[modeline]: # ( vim: set fenc=utf-8 spell spl=en sts=4 et tw=72: )

Commit message:

> Added support for custom logo and favicon to be served from static/.

README.md, after:


# Quick and dirty hack of An Otter Wiki to work better as a website

References and links to wiki functionality and info are removed from users who are not registered. 

Views with wiki functionality have been restricted to only be visible to logged in users.

Put a custom logo and favicon in the folder otterwiki/static/img/custom/, named logo.png and favicon.ico. They need to both be square. They will be used instead of the otterwiki default ones if they exist. The reason for serving the logos through the static folder rather as attachments is for the possibility to configure client caching.

![](screenshot.png)

## An Otter Wiki

An Otter Wiki is Python-based software for collaborative content
management, called a [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiki). The
content is stored in a git repository, which keeps track of all changes.
[Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown) is used as
Markup language. An Otter Wiki is written in [python](https://www.python.org/)
using the microframework [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/).
[halfmoon](https://www.gethalfmoon.com) is used as CSS framework
and [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/) as editor.
[Font Awesome Free](https://fontawesome.com/license/free) serves the icons.

## Notable Features

- Minimalistic interface (with dark-mode)
- Editor with markdown highlighting and support including tables
- Customizable Sidebar: Menu and/or Page Index
- Full changelog and page history
- User authentication
- Page Attachments
- Extended Markdown: tables, footnotes, fancy blocks, alerts and mermaid diagrams
- (experimental) Git http server: clone, pull and push the content of your wiki
- A very cute Otter as logo (drawn by [Christy Presler](http://christypresler.com/) CC BY 3.0)

## Demo

Check out the demo <https://demo.otterwiki.com>.

## Installation

Read the [installation guide](https://otterwiki.com/Installation) to get
started. Recommended is the installation with `docker-compose`.

### Quick start with docker-compose

1. Copy and edit the `docker-compose.yml` below to match your preferences.
2. Run `docker-compose up -d`
3. Access the wiki via http://127.0.0.1:8080 if run on your machine.
4. If the wiki shall be accessible via the internet and an domain name make sure to configure your web server accordingly. Check the [installation guide](https://otterwiki.com/Installation#reverse-proxy) for example configurations for nginx, apache and caddy.
5. Register your account. The first account is an admin-account giving you access to the settings tab.
6. Customize the settings to your liking.

Proceed for the [configuration guide](https://otterwiki.com/Configuration) for
detailed information.

#### docker-compose.yml

```yaml
services:
  otterwiki:
    image: redimp/otterwiki:2
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - 8080:80
    volumes:
      - ./app-data:/app-data
```

## License

An Otter Wiki is open-source software licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/redimp/otterwiki/blob/main/LICENSE).

[modeline]: # ( vim: set fenc=utf-8 spell spl=en sts=4 et tw=72: )
